Add Kakoune and Helix configuration (#181)
rust-analyzer/rust-analyzer.github.io: manual.adoc

https://gitlab.com/cppit/jucipp[juCi++] has built-in support for the language server protocol, and since version 1.7.0 offers installation of both Rust and rust-analyzer when opening a Rust file.

=== Kakoune

> https://kakoune.org/[Kakoune] editor support LSP with the help of https://github.com/kak-lsp/kak-lsp[`kak-lsp`].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
https://kakoune.org/[Kakoune] supports LSP with the help of https://github.com/kak-lsp/kak-lsp[`kak-lsp`].
```

Author: Fixed in ebca994.

To configure `kak-lsp`, refer to the https://github.com/kak-lsp/kak-lsp#configuring-kak-lsp[configuration section] which is basically about copying the https://github.com/kak-lsp/kak-lsp/blob/master/kak-lsp.toml[configuration file] in the right place (latest versions should use `rust-analyzer` by default).

Finally, you need to configure Kakoune to talk to `kak-lsp` (see https://github.com/kak-lsp/kak-lsp#usage[Usage section]).
A basic configuration will only get you LSP but you can also activate inlay diagnostics and auto-formatting on save.
The following might help you get all of this.

[source,txt]
----
eval %sh{kak-lsp --kakoune -s $kak_session}  # Not needed if you load it with plug.kak.
hook global WinSetOption filetype=rust %{
    # Enable LSP
    lsp-enable-window

    # Auto-formatting on save
    hook window BufWritePre .* lsp-formatting-sync

    # Configure inlay hints (only on save)
    hook window -group rust-inlay-hints BufWritePost .* rust-analyzer-inlay-hints
    hook -once -always window WinSetOption filetype=.* %{
        remove-hooks window rust-inlay-hints
    }
}
----

=== Helix

> https://docs.helix-editor.com/[Helix] editor does support LSP by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
https://docs.helix-editor.com/[Helix] supports LSP by default.
```

Author: Fixed in ebca994.
